README.md, before:

# MetricHub
[![language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-python3.12-blue)](https://docs.python.org/3.12/)
[![build system](https://img.shields.io/badge/build%20system-poetry-blue)](https://python-poetry.org/)
[![OC](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-linux%2C%20windows%2C%20macOS-red)]()
[![Techology](https://img.shields.io/badge/Technology-Docker-green)](https://www.docker.com/)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DataScience-py/MetricHub.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/DataScience-py/MetricHub/stargazers)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/DataScience-py/MetricHub.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/DataScience-py/MetricHub/forks)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-yelow)](https://github.com/DataScience-py/MetricHub/tree/main/docs/)

A project for **analyzing** the efficiency of your applications and servers. Receives,  displays, and processes **any data**. Use whatever you want with **your data**.


## Documentation

- [Documentation](https://github.com/DataScience-py/MetricHub/tree/main/docs/)

Commit message:

add instalation guide (ru, en)

README.md, after:

# MetricHub
[![language](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-python3.12-blue)](https://docs.python.org/3.12/)
[![build system](https://img.shields.io/badge/build%20system-poetry-blue)](https://python-poetry.org/)
[![OC](https://img.shields.io/badge/OS-linux%2C%20windows%2C%20macOS-red)]()
[![Techology](https://img.shields.io/badge/Technology-Docker-green)](https://www.docker.com/)
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/DataScience-py/MetricHub.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/DataScience-py/MetricHub/stargazers)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/DataScience-py/MetricHub.svg?style=social)](https://github.com/DataScience-py/MetricHub/forks)
[![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-yelow)](https://github.com/DataScience-py/MetricHub/tree/main/docs/)

A project for **analyzing** the efficiency of your applications and servers. Receives,  displays, and processes **any data**. Use whatever you want with **your data**.

## table of contents

- [Instalation](#instalation)
- [Documentation](#documentation)


## Instalation

Installation giude you can see on any supported language documentation.

- [Russian](https://github.com/DataScience-py/MetricHub/tree/main/docs/users/ru/instalation.md)
- [English](https://github.com/DataScience-py/MetricHub/tree/main/docs/users/en/instalation.md)

## Documentation

- [Documentation](https://github.com/DataScience-py/MetricHub/tree/main/docs/)
